And the next section are going to be creating we're here and this is going to be the projects section.
And so here we're going to look at the Zoom in effect right and how to have this text again to appear
only ones who are hovering right.
So we're going to go back to the next issue.
Now we're going to go somewhere all the way in the bottom right.
And we're going to say this is going to be project S. projects section here.
And then we're going to have a section with the idea of projects.
So here we're going to say Heidi and this is going to be project.
And then once we have this we're actually going to copy and paste the title.
It's all going to go all the way over here.
We'll find where his services title right the title that we created.
So this is the title.
It's going to grab the title.
I was going to have to change it around a little bit more here in HDMI and see.
This.
All right so here.
This is going to be project and the rest of it are going to change that and see.
Yes.
Right so we have project and then we're going to have a project's container.
Right.
So this is section and I'm we're going to say this is going to be Dave the class of projects we're here
and container for this.
And then we're going to have an article inside here.
Right.
So I'm going to say this is going to be article and with the class of projects I am here like this and
then we're going to have an image right.
And we're going to see the image and the image is right away we don't need any classes.
Some going to say images and this is going to be current project one here like this and I'm going to
say alternative image here like this.
And then we're going to have a div with a image text right to was listed within the article we're going
to say or here this is going to be div with image text right.
And then we're going to have a heading one here and heading one is going to be project flex so our hero
can write project or flex and then we're going to have a heading six right underneath.
So we're going to go here and say heading 6 and this is going to be a design or here design and web
development of a lot man or here like this.
And then once actual image text ends or here we're going to have a image for it.
We're going to have it Dave.
It's going to be image for her.
And here the first thing is going to be for her icon.
All right so we're going to say over here Dave and this is going to be FOOTNER I can't class and we're
here with this for I kind of we're going to place a comment so I for comment.
Oh here goes.
And then really just going to a place right next to zero and it's all going to say this is going to
be zero.
Are you doing this and then we're going to have a full day.
All right so still within a foot or right foot right now would want a four hour day.
And so we're all going to have a div and this is going to be a further date like this and he'll get
it right.
This is going to be December and this is going to be 12.
And this is going to be 2017.
All right.
So now we have everything set up now the only thing left to do is for the project item right.
We obviously need to actually copy these right and make three of them right.
So here this is the container.
So this just going to say this is going to be item and this is going to be the end of it.
All right.
So here I'm going to say and of home and then we're just going to copy this.
All right so we're going to have this one too.
Right.
And here it's going to be projects too.
And this is going to be projects three.
Now I'm not going to be changing any kind of text around here.
Right.
That's really up to you if you want to do it.
Go ahead and obviously for your project you probably wanted to look a little bit different right.
But I'm just going to leave with the way it is over here right.
So we're just going to say this one over here and then we're going to go to see assassin's.